Date: Wed, 10 Aug 2022 07:08:04 -0400 (EDT)
Subject: Russia has "almost certainly" established a major new ground force,says Britain

(Converted from HTML)
Reuters Newsletter

The Reuters Daily Briefing

Wednesday, August 10, 2022

by Linda Noakes

Hello   Here's what you need to know.  Trump uses the FBI search of Mar-a-Lago to solicit campaign donations, Musk sells Tesla shares worth $6.9 billion, and it's all eyes on the U.S. inflation report

  Today's biggest stories

A Ukrainian serviceman fires with a ZU-23-2 anti-aircraft cannon at a position near a front line in the Kharkiv region, August 10, 2022. REUTERS/Vyacheslav Madiyevskyy   WORLD

Russian shelling  killed 11 people in Ukraine's central Dnipropetrovsk region overnight, governor Valentyn Reznychenko said, as Britain said Russia had "almost certainly" established a major new ground force to support its war.  Here's what you need to know about the conflict right now.

China's military  has "completed various tasks" around Taiwan but will conduct regular patrols, it said, potentially signaling an end to days of war games but also that Beijing will keep up the pressure against the island. China  has withdrawn a promise not to send troops or administrators to Taiwan if it takes control of the island, an official document showed.

Preliminary results from Kenya's presidential election  showed a tight race between the two main candidates vying to replace President Uhuru Kenyatta, with citizens praying an announcement of a winner would not unleash violence as in years past.

Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida reshuffled his cabinet,  dropping some ministers with links to the Unification Church after a growing backlash over the ruling party's ties to the controversial group led to a slump in public support. We explain why the Unification Church  has become a headache for Kishida.

Wildfires  raged in southwestern France , destroying sixteen houses, burning 6,000 hectares and forcing the evacuation of almost 6,000 people in an area already hit last month by huge blazes. Britain's weather service  issued an amber 'Extreme Heat' warning for parts of England and Wales, with no respite in sight from hot dry conditions.

Former President Donald Trump arrives at Trump Tower in New York City, August 9, 2022. REUTERS/David 'Dee' Delgado   U.S.

Former President Donald Trump tried to turn the news that the FBI had searched his Florida estate to his benefit, citing the investigation in text messages and emails  soliciting political donations from his supporters. We look at  what charges Trump might face for removing White House records.

Republican Congressman Scott Perry of Pennsylvania said that  FBI agents had seized his cell phone , in yet another sign that the Justice Department's investigation into the 2021 attack on the Capitol is heating up.

Republican voters in Wisconsin and Minnesota  nominated abortion opponents for governor , ensuring the issue will be central to what are expected to be two of the most high-profile races in November's general election.

President Joe Biden's public approval  rose this week to its highest level since early June following a string of legislative victories, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. Finally over his coronavirus infection, Biden departs today  to spend most of the next week on Kiawah Island, South Carolina , an oceanfront golf resort that he has visited in the past.

A Muslim immigrant from Afghanistan  has been arrested as the prime suspect in the serial killings of four Muslim men that rattled the Islamic community of New Mexico's largest city, police said.

      BUSINESS

U.S. consumer prices  are expected to have risen at a much slower pace in July due to a sharp drop in the cost of gasoline, delivering the first notable sign of relief for Americans who have watched inflation climb over the past two years.

Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk  sold $6.9 billion worth of shares in the electric vehicle maker, saying the funds could be used to finance a potential Twitter deal if he loses a legal battle with the social media platform.

Japan's Honda  raised the outlook for its full-year operating profit thanks to a weaker yen, but warned against over-optimism as it sees the chips shortage continuing and is concerned about an economic slowdown.

Apple supplier Foxconn  gave a cautious outlook for the current quarter after posting results that exceeded expectations, citing slowing smartphone demand after a pandemic-fueled boom.

Surging inflation will prompt the U.S. Postal Service  to seek higher prices for stamps and other services in January, just five months after its recent hike, as it continues to lose money. Meanwhile British postal service Royal Mail  warned that it could post a full-year loss in the UK if four days of strikes called by the Communications Workers Union went ahead.

  Quote of the day

    "When Serena steps away from tennis, she will leave as the sport's greatest player"

Billie Jean King

  The tennis world reacts to Serena Williams announcing her retirement

  Video of the day

The Afghan women fighting for their rights

One year after the Taliban took over Afghanistan, we spoke to three women who have all lost out in different ways but are refusing to give up hope.

  And finally?

Over 4,000 beagles destined for drug experiments are finding new homes

Animal rescue organizations have started removing the dogs from a U.S. facility that bred them to be sold to laboratories.

More from Reuters

Sustainable Business The Great Reboot Disrupted Legal News Breakingviews

Thanks for spending part of your day with us.

 You are receiving this email because you signed up for newsletters from Reuters. No longer want to hear from us?  Unsubscribe from The Reuters Daily Briefing.

  Terms, conditions, and privacy statement

© 2022 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved.
3 Times Square, New York, NY 10036

=====
Thanks for using Saildocs, an Internet document retrieval 
service for the bandwidth-impaired.  By using this service
you agree to the Saildocs terms and conditions (send a 
blank email to: terms@saildocs.com for a copy). 

Saildocs is a service of Sailmail, a membership-owned email 
service built by cruising sailors for cruising sailors. 
Sailmail provides world-wide email via marine-band radio, 
internet and satellite including support for the Iridium GO!

For more information on SailMail see the web page at sailmail.com 
or send a query to the office at sysop@sailmail.com. 
More information on Saildocs is available by sending an email to 
info@saildocs.com, this will return the how-to document (about 5K). 

