Last Update:  6:35 am CDT Aug 11, 2022

Today:  Showers and thunderstorms likely, mainly between 3pm and 4pm. Patchy fog before 8am. Otherwise, mostly cloudy, with a high near 86. Calm wind becoming north around 5 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New rainfall amounts of less than a tenth of an inch, except higher amounts possible in thunderstorms.

Tonight:  A 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 7pm. Partly cloudy, with a low around 66. North wind around 5 mph becoming calm in the evening.

Friday:  Mostly sunny, with a high near 85. North northeast wind 5 to 10 mph.

Friday Night:  Mostly clear, with a low around 60. North northeast wind 5 to 10 mph becoming light northeast in the evening.

Saturday:  Sunny, with a high near 86. Calm wind becoming east northeast around 5 mph in the morning.

Saturday Night:  Partly cloudy, with a low around 64. North wind around 5 mph becoming calm.

Sunday:  Mostly sunny, with a high near 89. Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph.

Sunday Night:  A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly cloudy, with a low around 68. South southwest wind around 5 mph becoming calm in the evening.

Monday:  A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly sunny, with a high near 88. Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph becoming west northwest in the afternoon.

Monday Night:  Partly cloudy, with a low around 66.

Tuesday:  Mostly sunny, with a high near 84.

Tuesday Night:  Partly cloudy, with a low around 62.

Wednesday:  Mostly sunny, with a high near 84.

4 Miles SSE Walterhill TN
35.92°N 86.36°W (Elev. 512 ft)

Visit your local NWS office at:  https://www.weather.gov/ohx

=====
Thanks for using Saildocs, an Internet document retrieval 
service for the bandwidth-impaired.  By using this service
you agree to the Saildocs terms and conditions (send a 
blank email to: terms@saildocs.com for a copy). 

Saildocs is a service of Sailmail, a membership-owned email 
service built by cruising sailors for cruising sailors. 
Sailmail provides world-wide email via marine-band radio, 
internet and satellite including support for the Iridium GO!

For more information on SailMail see the web page at sailmail.com 
or send a query to the office at sysop@sailmail.com. 
More information on Saildocs is available by sending an email to 
info@saildocs.com, this will return the how-to document (about 5K). 

